# CS-255
The client is DriverPass, they asked for a system that would be usable on mobile and desktop that would help students pass their driving tests. The uses they wanted out of it were creating/managing lessons, booking/modifying/canceling appointments, online practice tests, progress tracking, and notifications. Also, role based access for customers, secretary, and admin/IT. What I did particularly well is taking the transcript and turning it into functional requirements, role-based system, and non-functional goals (performance and security). Also, technical requirements like logging/monitoring, PCI-compliance, and browser support. One part I would revise is the security and account reovery. Able to modify the lockout and optional multi-factor auth. Also, enable the Admin to actively recover the account and not just reset the password. I interpreted the user needs and implemented them by understanding the clients issues. Many had a high fail rate for their driving test due to not having access to a good teacher that tracks their progress. The features in DriverPass meet these needs, through online tests and score tracking, flexible lesson scheduling, in person driving lesson, DMV update, and multi-platform access. Understanding the users needs is important as it ensures usability, accessibility, and allows the customer to benefit from the system. My approach to designing the software is understand the requirements, the user stories and acceptance criteria. Use diagrams to better simplify the system and its flow. Define the nonfunctional constraints to help test performance, multi platform, and security. Make sure to get feed back whether from the customers or the client (DriverPass). It is also good to design security, HTTPS, audit logs, multi factor auth, and monitoring.
